The Latin phrase 'Veni, vidi, vici' translates into English as 'I came, I saw, I conquered'.
El Teniente, located in Chile, is the world's largest underground mine for copper.
The romanized Chinese word for 'airplane' is 'Feiji'.
Electronic music producer Kygo's popularity skyrocketed after remixing the song 'I See Fire' by Ed Sheeran.
Nicotine is a chemical found in eggplant seeds.
The most commonly used noun in the English language is 'time'.
Andrew Scott Reisse, a co-founder of Oculus VR, tragically passed away in a car accident in 2013.
Chartreuse is a color between yellow and green.
The romanized Korean word for 'heart' is 'Simjang'.
Sciophobia is the fear of shadows.
The airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow is approximately 24 MPH.
The word 'aprosexia' means 'the inability to concentrate on anything'.
A 355 ml can of Pepsi Cola contains 150 calories.
The words 'bungalow' and 'shampoo' originate from the languages of India.
De Eemhof, Port Zelande, and Het Heijderbos are holiday villas owned by Center Parcs.
Turkish is a language that does not use gender as a part of its grammar.
Queen Elizabeth II was born in 1926.
A standard grand piano has 88 notes.
According to Fair Works Australia, long service leave is granted after 7 years of work.
Musician Madeon collaborated with Porter Robinson to release the 2016 song 'Shelter'.
The interior of St. Peter's Basilica in Vatican City was designed in 1503 by renaissance architects, including Bramante, Michelangelo, and Bernini.
The Khan Academy was founded by Sal Khan.
Nokia, the telecommunications company, originally sold paper.
Apple Inc. is headquartered in Cupertino, California.
OCBC is a bank that is not authorized to issue currency notes in Hong Kong.
According to the 2014-2015 Australian Bureau of Statistics, 28% of Australians were born overseas.
In the MMO RPG 'Realm of the Mad God', 'The Shatters' dungeon is widely considered to be the most difficult.
The RoboSapien toy robot was released in 2004.
'Potimarron' is not another name for the eggplant.
In flight systems, the initialism 'TCAS' stands for 'Traffic Collision Avoidance System'.
YouTube was founded on February 14, 2005.
Costa Rica was the third country to have a McDonald's restaurant.
St. Louis, MO, does not have a United States Minting location.
Before the 19th Century, the 'living room' was originally called the 'parlor'.
Nephelococcygia is the practice of finding shapes in clouds.
The romanized Arabic word for 'moon' is 'Qamar'.
IKEA, a Swedish company, was founded in 1943.
'The Goth Family' is an existing family in 'The Sims'.
In 'Battle Cats', Moneko/MISS Moneko has a critical percentage rate of 15%.
The word 'abulia' means 'the inability to make decisions'.
If you planted the seeds of Quercus robur, trees would grow.
A statue of Charlie Chaplin is located in Leicester Square.
Edward VIII is a British Monarch who never appeared on a circulated pound sterling coin.
The Quadrangularis Reversum is best described as a percussion instrument.
The word 'astasia' means 'the inability to stand up'.
It took the motorized window washers of the original World Trade Center one month to clean the entire exterior of the building.
Named after the mallow flower, mauve is a shade of purple.
In 'Resident Evil 3', Jill starts the game with 10 inventory slots.
'Handsome Dan', the mascot of Yale University, is a bulldog.
Bank of America was originally established as the Bank of Italy.
